PREVIOUSLY ON "REVENGE"...
THIS IS ALL YOU EVER WANTED --
THIS LIFESTYLE, THIS HOUSE.
I WISH YOU'D GIVE ME
A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN.
WHY WOULD I GIVE YOU ANYTHING,
EMILY?
YOU GUYS WANT A BUMP?
MISS, STEP BACK AND PUT YOUR
HANDS ON YOUR HEAD, PLEASE.
SHE'S FAMILY.
FINE.
I WONDER WHAT GIDEON
WANTS WITH HER,
AS IF SQUEEZING HER BROTHER
OUT OF LeMARCHAL WASN'T ENOUGH.
DANIEL STEPPED DOWN
OF HIS OWN VOLITION.
I AM CURIOUS
WHAT DANIEL WOULD SAY
IF YOU ASKED HIM
ABOUT THE REDHEAD.
I'D BEEN PARTYING
WITH THIS GIRL,
AND WHEN I WOKE UP,
I FOUND HER O.D.'d.
GIDEON TOOK A PHOTO OF HER
AND USED IT TO BLACKMAIL ME.
HOW DID YOU GET OUT?
WITH A LITTLE HELP
FROM MY FRIENDS.
FIRE!
WELCOME BACK.
Mostrowski:
GOING SOMEWHERE?
SOUTHAMPTON.
I GOT
SOME UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
AAH!
[ WIND GUSTING ]
[ THUNDER RUMBLING ]
[ THUNDER CRASHES ]
David:
YOU'RE AWAKE.
DAVID?
I'M SORRY
I FRIGHTENED YOU.
WHEN I SAW YOU OUTSIDE
THE MANOR LAST NIGHT,
I -- I HAD TO GET TO YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
OH, DAVID.
IT'S YOU.
I CAN'T.
NOT UNTIL
I KNOW THE TRUTH.
THE TRUTH?
I TOLD MYSELF THAT CONRAD
WAS THE MASTERMIND...
AND THAT YOU WERE
AS MUCH A VICTIM AS I WAS.
I JUST NEED TO
HEAR THAT FROM YOU.
DAVID, I LOVED YOU.
THEN TELL ME THE TRUTH.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE COME.
THIS WAS A MISTAKE.
GOODBYE, VEE.
IT'S TRUE.
[ THUNDER CRASHES ]
DAVID, I WAS SCARED.
I DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
I'VE REGRETTED THAT MOMENT
EVER SINCE.
OH, DAVID.
[ GASPS ]
MM.
Emily: YOU ASSURED ME THAT
AN ESCAPE WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE.
IF YOU DON'T ERASE
EVERY TRACE OF VICTORIA'S STAY
AT YOUR FACILITY, DR. MILLER,
THEN I CAN ASSURE YOU
THAT THE FEDS WILL BE
THE LEAST OF YOUR WORRIES.
TAKE CARE OF IT.
WRONG NUMBER?
I'M ACTUALLY IMPRESSED
THAT VICTORIA GOT OUT.
AT LEAST NOW
IF SHE GOES TO THE AUTHORITIES,
THERE WILL BE NO RECORD
OF HER AT CLAREMONT.
I'M SORRY.
COULD YOU REPEAT THAT?
BECAUSE ALL I COULD HEAR
WAS THE SOUND
OF MY REVENGE-FREE SUMMER
BE STRANGLED TO DEATH
BY A WEB OF THORNS.
I NEED YOU TO
HELP ME FIND HER.
EMS, WE TALKED ABOUT THIS.
I'M NOT GONNA BE YOUR ENABLER.
THIS ISN'T JUST
ABOUT ME, NOLAN.
IT'S ABOUT AIDEN
AND EVERY OTHER TERRIBLE THING
VICTORIA HAS DONE.
TRACK HER DOWN.
I CAN'T.
NO. REALLY.
EMS,
I ALREADY TRIED.
SHE TOOK A CAR SERVICE
FROM THE LOONY BIN
TO YOUR FRONT STOOP
FOR THE BITCH-OFF,
AND THEN SHE DISAPPEARED.
WELL, SO, KEEP LOOKING.
SHE'S GOT TO BE SOMEWHERE.
WELL, LET'S SAY
I FIND VICTORIA.
THEN WHAT?
YOU'VE DONE EVERYTHING
SHORT OF KILLING HER.
[ SIGHS ]
IF VICTORIA TOLD ANYONE
THAT YOU LOCKED HER UP
AND THEN THEY FIND HER DEAD,
YOU'RE THE PRIME SUSPECT.
WELL, THEN WE HAVE TO
MAKE SURE SHE HASN'T.
CAN YOU TRACK CHARLOTTE
AND DANIEL DOWN?
THE TWO PEOPLE THAT HATE YOU
ALMOST AS MUCH AS VICTORIA?
OF COURSE. I'M SURE THEY'LL
BE DELIGHTED TO SEE YOU.
I DON'T LIKE
BEING ON THE DEFENSIVE.
THEN FIND HER,
AND I'LL END THIS FOR GOOD.
[ BEEPING ]
39.
[ CHUCKLES ]
NEVER KNEW MASERATIS COULD
GO UNDER THE SPEED LIMIT.
COME ON. THESE PEOPLE HAVE
NO IDEA WHAT THEY'RE DRIVING.
THEY JUST BUY WHATEVER'S GOT
THE BIGGEST PRICE TAG.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU KNOW HOW
YOUR FRIENDS ARE.
YEAH, WELL, TRUST ME.
THEY'RE NOT ALL MY FRIENDS.
WELL, EMILY THORNE IS.
SHE JUST BOUGHT THE BIGGEST
HOUSE IN SOUTHAMPTON
WITHOUT SO MUCH AS A BOYFRIEND
TO LIVE THERE WITH HER.
I'M SURE
SHE HAS HER REASONS.
REASONS FOR
BUYING THE HOUSE
OR WHY SHE DOESN'T HAVE
A BOYFRIEND?
[ CHUCKLES ]
SO, HOW DO YOU
KNOW HER, AGAIN?
[ SIGHS ]
SHE, UH -- SHE WAS
FRIENDS WITH MY WIFE.
AMANDA CLARKE, RIGHT?
SORRY, MAN, I MEAN,
IT NEVER CAME UP.
I JUST --
I DIDN'T KNOW.
IT'S OKAY.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT, UM,
SHE AND EMILY MET IN JUVIE.
EMILY IS AN EX-CON?
[ Chuckling ] MAN.
THIS GIRL
IS FULL OF SURPRISES.
NOT REALLY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH, COME ON.
DON'T BE SO SHY, PORTER.
I KNEW MY LAST PARTNER'S
PASSWORDS AND PIN NUMBER.
[ VEHICLE PASSING ]
JUST COMES WITH THE TERRITORY
WHEN YOU'RE TRUSTING
SOMEBODY WITH YOUR LIFE.
SO, WHAT IS HER STORY?
[ BEEPING ]
IT'S GONNA HAVE TO WAIT.
LIGHT 'EM UP.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
THE MEETING IS SET.
IS HE STILL THERE?
DANIEL: For now.
I'M WORKING ON IT.
WELL, WORK HARDER.
HEY. YOU CAME TO ME
WITH THIS.
YOU WANT MY HELP, YOU'RE
GONNA HAVE TO TRUST ME.
ONCE WE'RE DONE,
GIDEON WILL BE
OUT OF YOUR COMPANY
AND CHARLOTTE'S LIFE...
PERMANENTLY.
YOU'RE A GOOD BROTHER,
DANIEL.
CONSIDER YOURS
OFFICIALLY DELAYED.
[ AIR HISSES ]
[ GRUNTS ]
[ PANTING ]
[ GASPS ]
HELP!
HELP ME!
PLEASE HELP ME!
HELP! HELP!
[ HORN BLARING ]
[ GASPING ]
[ BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I'VE WAITED
TOO LONG FOR THIS.
THERE'S NO WAY THAT
I'M GONNA LOSE YOU AGAIN.
Charlotte: YOU HAVE
NO POWER OVER ME!
Conrad:
OH, I HAVE THE POWER.
AND MY SECRETS
ARE GONNA ROT INSIDE OF YOU
BEYOND YOUR LAST BREATH,
BECAUSE YOU ARE GONNA KEEP
YOUR STUPID
AND THANKLESS MOUTH SHUT!
Woman: BITCH HAD A CAMERA ON HER
AND DIDN'T EVEN KNOW IT?
I CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU ARE DATING THIS IDIOT.
Gideon: I KNOW.
NOT AS HOT AS YOU,
OF COURSE.
CLEARLY,
OR YOU WOULDN'T BE TEXTING ME
EVERY MINUTE SHE'S NOT AROUND.
SHE'S LIKE A CASH MACHINE
FOR MY BLOW.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
YOU'VE BEEN USING ME
AND SLEEPING WITH HER?!
C-CHARLOTTE, WE --
WE WERE JUST --
SAVE IT!
I THOUGHT YOU CARED.
[ SIGHS ] OF COURSE I DO,
BABE, BUT...
I MEAN, WE PARTIED.
I-I-I GAVE YOU SOME ADVICE.
I WAS NEVER
YOUR BOYFRIEND.
SHE'S EVEN MORE PATHETIC
THAN I THOUGHT.
[ GASPS ]
CHARLOTTE! BABE!
JUST ABOUT TO HOP IN AN
ELEVATOR, SO I MIGHT LOSE YOU.
WHAT'S UP?
I JUST CAUGHT THE GUY
I WAS SEEING CHEATING ON ME.
WHO? GIDEON?
YOU KNOW?
You show up
to parties with him.
I'M GONNA HEAR
EVEN IF YOU DON'T TELL ME.
I SAY GOOD RIDDANCE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANK YOU
FOR YOUR SUPPORT.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Speaking of...
I GOT A CALL FROM YOUR LANDLORD,
SAID YOUR RENT'S LATE.
WHAT HAPPENED TO
THAT CHECK I WROTE YOU?
DANIEL, I --
I'M SO SORRY.
What did you do?
I CASHED IT.
LET ME GUESS --
TO PARTY WITH GIDEON.
I MADE A MISTAKE.
DANIEL, THINGS HAVE BEEN
REALLY HARD LATELY.
No, no, no, no, no.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT I WENT THROUGH
TO GET THAT MONEY?!
I CAN'T HELP YOU RIGHT NOW.
DANIEL, WAIT!
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
JUST SCOPING OUT THE PLACE FOR
A FRIEND WHO'S COMING TO TOWN.
FRIEND?
I DIDN'T THINK
YOU HAD ANY.
I CAN'T IMAGINE
YOU MADE ANY
AT THAT DISASTROUS PARTY
YOU THREW AT MY OLD HOUSE.
JUST TRYING TO KEEP UP
GRAYSON TRADITION.
THERE ARE
NO GRAYSON TRADITIONS
BECAUSE THERE'S
NO GRAYSON FAMILY LEFT.
WELL, I HEARD
YOUR MOTHER'S BACK IN TOWN.
WELL,
YOU HEARD WRONG.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S JUST SICK
HOW YOU TWO LIVE
TO DESTROY EACH OTHER.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
I SUGGEST YOU FOLLOW
HER LEAD AND DISAPPEAR.
[ SIGHS ]
WHERE ARE YOU
TAKING ME?
KEEP GOING.
THIS IS NOT
A DREAM, VICTORIA.
BUT YOU WERE MURDERED.
I'VE SEEN YOUR GRAVE.
THIS IS MY GRAVE.
[ GASPS ]
I LEARNED THAT CorpNews C.E.O.
JERRY THOMAS
IS PLANNING TO RETIRE.
THIS IS THE PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
FOR US TO ABSORB THE NEWS GIANT.
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
HOW MANY TIMES YOUR FATHER
TRIED AND FAILED?
I AM NOT MY FATHER,
FRANCOIS.
AND IF MY RECENT TRACK RECORD
HAS NOT CONVINCED YOU,
I ASSURE YOU
ACQUIRING CorpNews WILL.
I WILL BE LUNCHING
WITH JERRY THIS AFTERNOON.
WITHOUT GIDEON?
HE'S HEAD OF ACQUISITIONS.
WELL,
HIS ABSENCE HERE TODAY
SPEAKS TO HIS OVERALL LACK
OF RELIABILITY.
I WILL NOT LEAVE THIS DEAL
IN THE HANDS OF --
MY VERY CAPABLE HANDS.
NOT TO WORRY, FRANCOIS.
I WILL BE TAKING
THIS LUNCH ALONE,
AND I GUARANTEE DELIVERY
OF CorpNews.
[ MONITOR CLICKS ]
WHAT ARE THE ODDS OF GETTING
FOUR FLAT TIRES?
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE THE COURTESY
TO MAKE UP A GOOD EXCUSE.
THIS ISN'T PRIMARY SCHOOL,
GIDEON.
NO, IT IS NOT.
BACK THEN,
DAD COULD HAVE CARED LESS
ABOUT HIS SILLY LITTLE DAUGHTER.
HE PROMISED HIS LEGACY
TO HIS SON.
AND YET, HE CHOSE ME.
AND THE BOARD WILL CORRECT HIS
MISTAKE ONCE I DELIVER CorpNews.
NICE TRY.
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
LAST ONE.
OH, MY MUSE.
I COULDN'T HAVE DONE THIS
WITHOUT YOU, GIRL.
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
OH, YOU KNOW BETTER THAN TO
DISTURB A GENIUS AT WORK.
WELL, GENIUS,
CHARLOTTE'S NOT WHERE YOUR
TRACKING DEVICE SAYS SHE IS.
I'M AT THE HOTEL
AND I DON'T SEE HER.
WELL, I'M SURE
IT'S JUST HUMAN ERROR.
[ SIGHS ]
EMS, CHECK UNDER
YOUR MANOLOS.
YOU'RE RIGHT ON TOP
OF EACH OTHER.
I AM TELLING YOU, NOLAN.
SHE IS NOT --
OH, MY GOD.
OH.
CHARLOTTE!
GO AWAY!
DON'T COME ANY CLOSER!
YOU DON'T WANT
TO DO THIS.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WANT!
OR CARE.
THAT'S NOT TRUE,
CHARLOTTE.
THEN WHERE WERE YOU
BEFORE NOW?!
I'VE BEEN TRYING.
I'LL TRY HARDER.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT YOU!
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHY DON'T YOU JUST LEAVE ME
ALONE LIKE EVERYONE ELSE HAS?!
JUST PLEASE LET ME EXPLAIN.
WE CAN TALK THIS THROUGH.
I PROMISE.
I'M BEGGING YOU, CHARLOTTE.
PLEASE DON'T DO THIS.
OH, GOD.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
JUMPER'S BEEN APPREHENDED.
SITUATION'S UNDER CONTROL.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
COME ON.
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
Victoria:
SO THIS IS WHERE YOU'VE BEEN?
I'LL HANDLE THE QUESTIONS.
YOU OWE ME SOME ANSWERS.
I'VE HAD 20 YEARS
TO PIECE TOGETHER
THE CONSPIRACY
THAT DESTROYED MY LIFE.
BUT I STILL HAVE
ONE UNANSWERED QUESTION.
DID YOU BETRAY ME?
DAVID,
THE NIGHT I LOST YOU,
MY HEART BROKE
AND IT NEVER MENDED.
WHEN I FOUND OUT
WHAT CONRAD HAD DONE,
I WENT STRAIGHT
TO THE D.A. TO TESTIFY,
BUT CONRAD
INTERCEPTED ME.
FOR YEARS...
HE KEPT ME IN SILENCE
BY THREATENING MY CHILDREN.
OUR CHILD.
I HAD NO CHOICE,
SO I BECAME THE GOOD WIFE...
UNTIL I COULDN'T
STAND IT ANYMORE.
YOU WERE ALWAYS
THE LOVE OF MY LIFE, DAVID.
ALWAYS.
NO. NO.
I'M NOT GONNA HURT YOU.
I BELIEVE YOU.
I STILL LOVE YOU, VEE.
I ALWAYS HAVE.
YOU SEE, THIS IS WHY
WE DON'T GIVE PEOPLE A PASS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
CHARLOTTE ALMOST --
WELL, SHE DIDN'T. ALL RIGHT?
SHE'S GONNA BE FINE, MAN.
MOST OF THE JUMPERS
THAT I'VE SEEN,
THEY'RE JUST DOING IT
TO TRY TO GET ATTENTION.
WHAT IF THIS IS
WORSE THAN THAT?
THAT'S FOR THE PSYCHIATRIST
TO DECIDE.
AH.
YOU BETTER GET THAT
CHECKED OUT.
YOU LANDED PRETTY HARD
ON THAT SHOULDER.
NO, I'M FINE.
[ CHUCKLES ] I THOUGHT YOU SAID
WE DON'T GIVE PEOPLE A PASS.
COME ON.
WHILE YOU'RE GETTING A CLEAN
BILL OF HEALTH FROM THE MEDICS,
I'LL CHECK ON CHARLOTTE
AT THE HOSPITAL.
DEAL. MEET ME BACK
AT THE STATION.
I'LL CATCH A RIDE
ON THE RIG.
SHE'S LUCKY
THAT YOU WERE HERE.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING HERE?
DID SHE CALL YOU?
NO, I-I WAS JUST
VISITING A FRIEND.
IT WAS A COINCIDENCE.
THAT'S SOME COINCIDENCE.
ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING
FROM THE SMALL PART OF
THE CONVERSATION THAT I HEARD,
YOU TWO SEEM TO HAVE
QUITE A HISTORY.
YEAH.
SO, WHO WERE YOU MEETING?
YOUR FRIEND?
LOOK, I ALMOST LOST SOMEONE
REALLY IMPORTANT TO ME UP THERE,
SO, UM...
NO, OF COURSE.
I UNDERSTAND.
BUT WHATEVER'S
GOING ON WITH YOU TWO,
I'M SURE YOU'LL
GET PAST IT.
SHE OWES YOU HER LIFE.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
SHE OWES YOU.
THANK YOU.
EXCUSE ME.
I'M HERE TO MEET
JERRY THOMAS.
OF COURSE,
MR. LeMARCHAL.
LET ME SEE IF HE'S
READY FOR YOU.
STAY THE HELL AWAY
FROM MY SISTER.
DID CHARLOTTE CALL HER
BIG BROTHER TO COME BEAT ME UP?
THAT'S PRETTY PATHETIC,
DANIEL.
LET GO,
OR I'LL HAVE THAT PICTURE
OF YOU AND THE DEAD REDHEAD
ON EVERY NEWS BLOG
IN SECONDS.
SCREW YOU.
I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL
WHEN YOUR SISTER O.D.'s.
DANIEL GRAYSON.
MILES VanBUREN
FROM THE LEDGER.
THANKS FOR THE INVITE.
MILES. GLAD YOU
COULD MAKE IT.
HOW ABOUT A DRINK?
I'M HAVING DéJà VU.
ALL I'M MISSING
IS THE BLINDFOLD.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU HAVE TO STOP DOING THIS.
YOU'RE DRIVING
YOURSELF CRAZY.
OH, RIGHT, IT'S MY FAULT
YOU PUT ME THROUGH HELL.
THE SHRINK TOLD YOU
TO TAKE ME HOME?
[ SIGHS ] NO.
WHAT THE DOCTOR SAID
IS YOU NEED TO BE WITH FAMILY
WHO CAN HELP YOU
THROUGH THIS.
LET GO OF ME!
I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE
WITH HER OR YOU!
Jack: CHARLOTTE. CHARLOTTE.
CHARLOTTE. PLEASE. PLEASE.
LOOK, I KNOW THAT YOU
DON'T TRUST ME ANYMORE,
BUT I AM NOT LYING TO YOU
WHEN I SAY
SHE'S THE ONLY PERSON
IN THE WORLD
YOU NEED TO BE
LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW.
[ SNIFFLES ]
THE DOCTOR WAS RIGHT.
YOU SHOULD BE
WITH FAMILY RIGHT NOW.
THANKS.
I'LL DO THAT.
I'M THE ONE WHO
KIDNAPPED YOU, CHARLOTTE.
I CAN'T STAND
SEEING YOU LIKE THIS.
I KNOW I DID
THE WRONG THING,
BUT YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE I DID IT
FOR ALL THE RIGHT REASONS.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I'M YOUR SISTER,
CHARLOTTE.
I'M AMANDA.
I'M SORRY
THAT I SCARED YOU.
PRISON TAUGHT ME THAT ONLY
WHEN PEOPLE ARE TRULY AFRAID
CAN YOU SEE WHO
THEY REALLY ARE.
BELIEVING THAT YOU ARE INNOCENT
IS ALL THAT KEPT ME ALIVE.
HOW ARE YOU ALIVE?
THE WORLD THOUGHT THAT YOU
WERE STABBED 10 YEARS AGO.
I WAS.
THEY RUSHED ME
TO THE INFIRMARY.
I BLACKED OUT
FROM THE PAIN.
AND THEN, WHEN I, UH,
CAME TO, I WAS OUT.
WHERE WERE YOU?
WERE YOU IN HERE?
I'M SORRY.
THE LESS YOU KNOW,
THE BETTER, FOR NOW.
IT'S FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY
AND THE SAFETY
OF OUR DAUGHTER.
I NEED TO
PROTECT CHARLOTTE.
I WASN'T ABLE TO
DO THAT FOR AMANDA.
AND NOW SHE'S GONE.
YOU HEARD.
WHAT HAPPENED ON THAT BOAT
WAS A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY.
[ SIGHS ]
I CAN'T LOSE ANYONE ELSE.
I WANT TO BE IN CHARLOTTE'S
LIFE, AND IN YOURS.
S-SAY SOMETHING.
[ SIGHS, CHUCKLES ]
IT'S, UM...
IT'S BEEN YEARS.
AND A LOT'S HAPPENED.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD.
AND THEN YOU KIDNAP ME
AND BRING ME HERE
WITHOUT EXPLAINING
WHERE YOU'VE BEEN,
AND YOU SAY YOU WANT TO PICK UP
WHERE WE LEFT OFF, AND...
I KNOW IT'S A LOT, BUT WE
CAN GET THROUGH IT, RIGHT?
YOU DON'T WANT
AN HONEST ANSWER.
IF YOU DID,
YOU WOULD GET ME OUT OF HERE
INSTEAD OF MAKING ME
YOUR PRISONER.
PRISONER?
MM-HMM.
OH.
OKAY. FINE.
LET'S GO.
YOU KNOW, I'D BE LYING
IF I SAID I DIDN'T EXPECT
LeMARCHAL TO CRUMBLE
AFTER YOUR FATHER'S DEATH,
BUT YOUR SISTER SEEMS TO HAVE
STABILIZED THE COMPANY
IN ONLY SIX MONTHS.
YOU SHOULD KNOW MY SISTER'S
JUST A PRETTY FACE.
I'M THE ONE
THAT'S MAKING THE DEALS
AND BRINGING UP
THE NUMBERS.
NOT PAYING
HIS SUPPLIERS.
I'D AVOID BUSINESS
WITH THIS ONE, IF I WERE YOU.
HE OWES ME BIG.
I-I DON'T --
DON'T PLAY DUMB
WITH ME, GID!
I KNOW WHAT YOU
TOOK FROM ME.
YOU CARE TO
EXPLAIN THIS?
I-I SWEAR TO YOU,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SHE'S DOING.
TAKING BACK WHAT'S MINE.
[ ALL MURMUR ]
THIS MEETING IS OVER.
I'M BEING SET UP.
JERRY --
JERRY, YOU --
YOU GOT TO BELIEVE ME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU KNOW, I HATE TO LEAVE
AN UNFINISHED DRINK, BUT, UH...
OH, MILES,
I UNDERSTAND.
DUTY CALLS.
YEAH, IT'S MILES.
YEAH, I GOT SOMETHING BIG.
ALL THIS TIME,
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
[ SIGHS ]
BELIEVE ME, I WANTED TO.
EVERY PART OF ME
WANTED TO, BUT...
I HAD TO PROTECT YOU,
AND I THINK...
THAT AFTER
EVERYTHING I'D DONE,
PART OF ME FELT LIKE
I DIDN'T DESERVE YOU.
BUT THEN I SAW YOU TODAY,
AND I RECOGNIZED THAT PAIN.
[ SIGHS ]
AFTER I WAS TAKEN AWAY...
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
I WENT FROM [SIGHS] SHUFFLING
AROUND FOSTER CARE...
TO LIVING
ON THE STREETS...
TO JUVIE.
I WAS SO ALONE.
AND AT A CERTAIN POINT,
I --
I COULD ONLY SEE ONE WAY OUT.
[ SIGHS ]
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
FEELING, CHARLOTTE.
BUT THERE IS ALWAYS ANOTHER WAY
TO DEAL WITH THIS,
A BETTER WAY.
[ SNIFFLES ]
OUR FATHER
GAVE THIS TO ME.
IT HAS --
THE JOURNALS.
THEY GAVE ME
THE STRENGTH TO SURVIVE.
HOPEFULLY THEY'LL
DO THE SAME FOR YOU,
AND MAYBE YOU'LL UNDERSTAND WHY
I DID THE THINGS THAT I DID.
YOU SPENT THREE YEARS
FIGHTING FOR A FAMILY
THAT WAS
RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU.
AND INSTEAD OF EMBRACING ME,
YOU USED ME AND LIED TO ME?
CHARLOTTE --
DO YOU HEAR YOURSELF?
YOU CHOSE REVENGE OVER ME.
I DIDN'T THINK
I HAD THE CHOICE.
WELL, YOU DID.
AND YOU CAN'T
TAKE IT BACK.
YOU THINK
YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
SOME BIG, EMOTIONAL PLEA,
HOPING THAT I'LL, WHAT,
FORGIVE YOU FOR ALL THE TERRIBLE
THINGS YOU'VE DONE TO ME?
OVER WHAT'S IN THIS?!
[ FOOTSTEPS DEPART ]
I CAME LOOKING FOR YOU
WHEN MY NAME WAS CLEARED.
SOMEONE HAD, UH,
MOVED INTO YOUR HOUSE.
WHERE WERE YOU?
WELL, I COULDN'T STAND
BEING THERE.
EVERY ROOM HELD
A MEMORY OF CONRAD.
WELL,
MEMORIES GET FUZZY.
I NEVER REMEMBER YOU ORDERING
STEAK AND EGGS BEFORE.
A LOT'S CHANGED, DAVID.
HOW ARE YOU TWO OVER HERE?
IS EVERYTHING OKAY
WITH YOUR ORDER, HON?
OH. DID YOU DROP
YOUR STEAK KNIFE?
OH.
NO, IT'S OKAY.
YOU GOT IT?
MM-HMM.
GOOD.
YOU'RE STILL SCARED.
EVEN HERE, YOU DON'T TRUST ME.
I HAVEN'T REALLY
GIVEN YOU A REASON TO.
I GOT A SECOND CHANCE,
AND ALL I'VE DONE IS ACCUSE
YOU OF UNSPEAKABLE THINGS.
AND I'VE DONE SOME UNSPEAKABLE
THINGS OF MY OWN.
DAVID,
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
I KILLED CONRAD.
I SAW HIS CONFESSION.
I HEARD THE VILE THINGS
HE SAID TO OUR DAUGHTER.
I COULDN'T LET HIM
KEEP ON HURTING YOU.
AND I KNEW HE'D
DRAG YOU DOWN WITH HIM.
I DID IT FOR YOU,
VICTORIA.
I...
I WOULD DO
ANYTHING FOR YOU.
ANYTHING.
THANK YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU KNOW, WHEN MY FATHER
USED TO SAY GOODBYE TO ME,
WHETHER HE WAS GOING TO WORK
OR TUCKING ME IN,
HE WOULD ALWAYS SAY,
"KNOW HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU?"
INFINITY TIMES INFINITY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
USED TO SAY IT EVERY DAY.
TWICE A DAY.
AFTER A WHILE, I'D SAY IT
WITHOUT THINKING,
WITHOUT REALIZING
WHAT IT REALLY MEANT.
CHARLOTTE WAS RIGHT.
I CHOSE REVENGE OVER HER.
YOU DIDN'T
CHOOSE REVENGE, EMS.
YOU CHOSE YOUR FATHER.
BUT HE'S GONE, NOLAN.
I DID IT ALL
FOR A DEAD MAN.
HE'S NEVER GONNA KNOW.
[ SIGHS ]
AND CHARLOTTE --
SHE'LL NEVER UNDERSTAND.
SHE'LL NEVER FORGIVE ME.
WAKE UP.
YOU CANNOT CONTROL
THE WAY CHARLOTTE FEELS,
JUST THE SAME WAY YOU CAN'T
CONTROL HOW JACK FELT
WHEN YOU TOLD HIM.
AND, I MEAN,
LOOK AT YOU TWO NOW.
MAYBE STRONGER
THAN YOU EVER WERE.
CHARLOTTE
WILL COME AROUND.
IT'S TOO LATE.
IT'S NEVER TOO LATE.
SHE JUST --
CHARLOTTE NEEDS TIME.
MAYBE A VERY LONG TIME,
BUT --
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
OR NOT.
[ VIBRATING CONTINUES ]
CHARLOTTE?
Margaux:
I'M SPEECHLESS.
YOU DO REMEMBER THEY HAVE
THE INTERNET IN PARIS, RIGHT?
THE BOARD IS
GOING TO FLIP.
GIVE IT A REST.
YOU AND DANIEL
PLANNED THIS WHOLE THING.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
DANIEL TOLD YOU ABOUT
THE REDHEAD, DIDN'T HE?
YOU KILLED HER.
AND I'M GONNA NEED
A DAMN GOOD REASON
NOT TO DO THE SAME
TO YOU AND YOUR PARTNER.
DANIEL IS NOT MY PARTNER.
WHATEVER HE DID TO YOU,
HE DID ON HIS OWN.
YOU'RE LYING!
NO. AND I'LL PROVE IT.
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
YES, IT'S MARGAUX LeMARCHAL
FOR JERRY.
NO, IT'S URGENT.
THANKS.
JERRY.
I'M SO SORRY, UM...
NO, I ASSURE YOU,
EVERYTHING THAT OCCURRED
WAS AN ACT OF SABOTAGE
BY DANIEL GRAYSON.
I WOULD HATE FOR YOU
TO DISMISS MY BROTHER
BECAUSE OF THE ACTIONS OF
A DISGRUNTLED EX-EMPLOYEE.
YES. I UNDERSTAND.
THANK YOU.
SO, HE HAS AGREED
TO A SECOND MEETING,
BUT HE JUST BOARDED
A PLANE TO LONDON
TO MEET WITH
ANOTHER COMPANY.
I'LL GET YOU ON THE FIRST FLIGHT
OUT IN THE MORNING.
NO.
YOU'LL GET ME
OUT THERE TONIGHT.
WELL, I NEED A DRINK.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
Jack:
I WISH I COULD.
I GOT TO TUCK CARL IN
AND THEN I GOT TO WORK ON
THE STOWAWAY BECAUSE, UH,
THE WIRING'S A MESS,
AND I CAN'T OPEN TILL ITS FIXED.
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN GIVE YOU A HAND WITH?
I MEAN, I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT ELECTRICITY,
BUT I'VE TAKEN MY SHARE
OF TASER SHOTS IN TRAINING.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANKS, MAN, BUT YOU JUST,
UH...REST THAT SHOULDER.
SPEAKING OF, ANY WORD
ON YOUR SISTER-IN-LAW?
I THINK SHE'S GONNA BE OKAY.
THANKS FOR GRABBING HER.
ALL IN A DAY'S WORK.
BESIDES, IT NEVER HURTS
TO LOOK LIKE A HERO
IN FRONT OF
A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN.
EMILY?
YEAH.
YEAH, SHE'S --
SHE'S INTERESTING.
LISTEN, EMILY IS, UH...
SHE'S GONE THROUGH A LOT.
SHE LOST HER FIANCé
A FEW MONTHS BACK,
SO NOW IS NOT THE TIME
TO START ANYTHING.
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
YEAH.
HEY.
THANKS FOR COMING.
[ SIGHS ]
THANKS FOR ASKING ME.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE
READY TO --
I CAN'T DO THIS WITH YOU.
I MEAN, I JUST --
I HAVE SO MUCH I WANT TO SAY,
BUT I -- I CAN'T WITHOUT
LOSING MY TEMPER.
SO I WROTE IT DOWN.
[ GRUNTS,
BREATHING HEAVILY ]
Gideon: WHY DO I HAVE TO
FLY COMMERCIAL?
WHAT ABOUT OUR JET?
Margaux:
NOT AN OPTION.
BY THE TIME IT WILL BE READY,
YOU WILL BE LANDING IN HEATHROW.
NOW, THE CAR SERVICE
WILL TAKE YOU DIRECTLY
TO YOUR MEETING
WITH JERRY.
I WOULD LIKE TO SEE DANIEL
TRY AND INTERRUPT THIS ONE.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
I TOLD YOU ONCE
THE DEAL WAS DONE
I WAS GONNA USE IT
TO TAKE YOUR JOB.
I'M JUST DOING
WHAT DAD WOULD DO --
PUTTING THE DEAL FIRST.
WE CAN FIGHT OUT THE REST
WHEN YOU RETURN.
WELL,
IF THAT'S THE CASE,
ENJOY YOUR FINAL DAYS
IN MY OFFICE.
Woman: BOARDING PASS, PLEASE?
PASSPORT?
HAVE A NICE FLIGHT.
[ DOG BARKING ]
GET THAT MUTT
AWAY FROM ME.
GET IT AWAY.
COME ON.
SIR, I'M GONNA NEED TO SEE
YOUR BAG, IF YOU DON'T MIND.
I DO MIND.
I GOT A FLIGHT TO CATCH.
[ DOG WHINES ]
SIR, HAS YOUR BAG BEEN
OUT OF YOUR POSSESSION AT ALL
SINCE ARRIVING
AT THE AIRPORT?
NO.
HEY, HEY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
TAKE IT EASY, MAN!
THAT'S NOT MINE.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT.
IT'S NOT MINE. HEY.
ANYTHING YOU SAY CAN
AND WILL BE USED AGAINST YOU
IN A COURT OF LAW.
GET OFF ME, MAN.
GET OFF ME!
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO AN ATTORNEY.
GET OFF ME!
IF YOU CANNOT AFFORD
AN ATTORNEY,
ONE WILL BE
APPOINTED TO YOU.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THESE RIGHTS
AS I HAVE READ THEM TO YOU?
AU REVOIR, MON FRèRE.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE WHAT
I JUST HEARD ON THE NEWS.
GIDEON GOT ARRESTED FOR TRYING
TO SMUGGLE DRUGS ON A PLANE.
THAT WAS
AN IMPRESSIVE MOVE.
I HAD TO ACT FAST.
GIDEON CONFESSED
TO KILLING THAT POOR GIRL
AND THREATENED
TO DO THE SAME TO US.
SO YOU GOT
RID OF HIM FIRST.
I DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
WITH THAT ARTICLE OUT,
THERE'S NO WAY
MY BROTHER WILL BE ABLE
TO TALK HIMSELF OUT OF THIS.
GIDEON IS GOING TO PRISON.
ALTHOUGH, FOR WHAT HE'S DONE,
HE DESERVES MUCH WORSE.
DIDN'T THINK
YOU HAD IT IN YOU.
YOU UNDERESTIMATE ME.
AND YOU MISINTERPRETED THAT
AS A COMPLIMENT.
STILL TRYING TO
PROTECT MY SOUL.
IT'S NOT EVIL
INSIDE US, DANIEL.
IT'S JUSTICE.
THAT'S WHERE OUR POWER
COMES FROM.
IF WE IGNORE IT,
WE LOSE IT.
I THINK IT'S TIME
TO EMBRACE THAT POWER
AND STOP FIGHTING
OUR IMPULSES.
WHERE ARE WE GOING NOW?
I WAS, UH, HOPING THAT I COULD
FINALLY MEET MY DAUGHTER.
I KNOW IT WILL
BE HARD ON HER,
BUT YOU'LL BE THERE
TO HELP HER THROUGH IT.
DAVID.
THERE'S SOMETHING
I NEED TO TELL YOU.
IS IT CHARLOTTE?
IS SHE ALL RIGHT?
WHEN YOU ASKED ME WHERE I'D BEEN
AFTER I LEFT GRAYSON MANOR
[Voice breaking] THE TRUTH
IS THAT I WAS LOCKED UP
AGAINST MY WILL.
IT WAS CONRAD?
NO. SOMEONE
JUST AS HATEFUL.
BECAUSE OF HER,
MY RELATIONSHIP
WITH CHARLOTTE IS IN RUINS.
MY LIFE IS IN SHAMBLES.
I CANNOT ENTERTAIN
A FUTURE WITH YOU
UNTIL SHE'S BEEN STOPPED.
I CAN HELP.
NO, DAVID.
YOU'VE ALREADY DONE ENOUGH.
TELL ME WHO IT IS.
HER NAME IS EMILY THORNE.
[ MID-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS ]
♪ KEEPING ON THE OUTSIDE ♪
♪ GLIMMER IN THE MOONLIGHT ♪
♪ ONLY SHADOWS
TELL WHERE WE ARE ♪
♪ CREEPING ON THE EDGE
OF THE DARK ♪
GOODBYE, SIS.
♪ WE ROLL OUT
WHEN THE DAY IS OVER ♪
♪ CHASING SILHOUETTES ♪
♪ WHEN IT ALL GOES UP
IN FLAMES ♪
[ COUGHING ]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
IS ANYONE ELSE IN THERE?
♪ WHEN IT ALL GOES UP
IN FLAMES ♪
NO. IT'S EMPTY.
♪ WHEN IT ALL GOES UP
IN FLAMES ♪
♪ WE'LL BE THE LAST ONES
STANDING ♪
♪ WHEN IT ALL GOES UP
IN FLAMES ♪
♪ WE'LL BE THE LAST ONES ♪
♪ WHEN IT ALL GOES UP
IN FLAMES ♪
♪ WE'LL BE THE LAST ONES
STANDING ♪
♪ WHEN IT ALL GOES UP
IN FLAMES ♪
♪ WE'LL BE THE LAST ONES ♪